i'll just try to get to the core here<br />
probably some copium and "trauma" dumping shit<br />
really. i dont have any trauma. i dont know. maybe. or not. anyway<br />

so. as ryan trahan says:

### GAME PLAN
 - i address every issue which leads to my unstable mental health
 - i work out how to solve that issue
 - or i just look at it and see how stupid it was to even think about it
 - i leave everything out in open, so in case of mood swings, someone called the police :)
 - i focus more on things which really matter to me and live happy life HOORAY

### Addressing my home/house
it so..  i dont know i HATE this place so much. i feel like in prison, i am stuck here forever. it is part of my body now and it feels disgusting. But at the same time, i am still the only person except maybe for a bit my grandpa who really cares about this place. why do everyone want leave it behind after fully trashing. they really dont seem to see the problem. everytime i come to this completely HOARDED place i feel like it sucks out all my power, i become so small and helpless, and still i try to return this place to its previous glory. i am so overwhelmed by the amount of stuff here, i really hope to get through it. and it is so lucky that only few rooms in WHOLE house become biohazard, this year i havent even seen any crouches in the second living room. Why does everyone already gave up and continues to close the eyes, like everything is okay!

### Addressing family
to be honest, i dont consider them my family, we're not even close to be called that. Parents are just so obssesed with one things, that ignore all the others. they cant control their emotions, and i in attempt to be not like them, fully gave up on showing any. i guess thats why i cant talk to them. everytime i am just a stone wall and they're storm smashing it into pieces. i dont believe them. i dont believe in them anymore. hoarding obsession, deep depression, uncontrollable anger. i geniunly think i am better off alone. And that fucking time we with brother were tossed around like around like a dolls for 4 years, whithout knowing whether we will have a roof above our heads tommorow and being prepared. First you live with your mother. but your mother has some depression illness, so you are forbidden to live or see her in next two years. you live with fathers new family now. but you disturb fathers new wife and their small child. so now you live with you grandparents. but grandparents also cant house you forever, so youll return to your father. but it really inconvenient for him, so return to grandparents. but your mum really wishes to live with you so she through court takes you back. she is not ready, her mental states gets worse. but nobody cares anymore. you are stuck and you also dont want to move out anymore. you are tired. fuck.<br />
Now i live with my grandma with dementia, she doesnt remember anyone, she is hardly human being anymore. Seeing everyday how she becomes less human is mentally tough. There is history of dementia in my family ancestors. so i guess i will be the same. i am scared. i dont want to. i'd better kill myself.i dont want to talk about how much shit people with dementia do, especialy as agressive and physically strong people as my grandma. it is so fucked up.

### Addressing school
going through so much stress in life, i have had no power to feel anything in school. i felt ans still feel like a ghost. i have 400+ missed classes half of the grades. i am half sailing, half drowning. i know nobody in my class, nobody knows me. i am just kinda there, kinda not. when i was smaller i cried everytime i go to class. just standed there before the door and cried. then i'd come in in tears, i tried to get help. really. i went to every school psycologist. when the ambulance was called on me in school i went through some therapy and medications, even some court specialists. it hasnt helped. at all. i made promise to never show anyone my emotions or intentions back then. it is still up by the way. i stopped talking. completely. i'd say one or two sentences at max in a few moths, only to answer to teacher. thats it. nothing more. to be honest there were two classmates in the 9th grade who would talk to me VERY rarely, but i couldnt say much. my speaking and thinking ability was already impaired. I never was talkative person, but under the year i went from regular person, who can not only speak clearly, but even sing very well, to me today...

### Addressing friends
whole my life there was only one person i considered to be friend. I missed a lot of kindergarten, so situation there was similar to one i will have in school. however there was one girl i would always follow and consider as "friend", we havent talked a lot, she never specialy looked at me. Most of time i'd just sit in the middle of room not doing anything, not being able to play with other kids or come to toys, because there were other kids near them. other time i'd just follow that girl thats it.
Then there was school. it was the best i actually had a FRIEND. we were alwasys together, talked, laughed (it is so rare nowadays...), went to choir, we even visited each other houses. but in fifth class we got in separate classes. she got new friends, and i wasnt able follow her as much. i we were still chatting sometimes, but around grade 7-8 we stopped. Started full-blown radio-silence period. IT WAS MY FAULT. i just couldnt consider myself as someone she would like to talk to, she was way more happier talking to others than me. I JUST WANT HER TO BE HAPPY. i was heartbroken.
I started to talk again only at the middle of 11th grade, this person is still very important to me. even if our "friendship" didnt last long. every friday i would find him, and we would sit and talk time from time. it was a BLESSING from the god. He never would blame me or escape, he was also going through a lot. i couldnt help. i dont understand or feel him. but it was so NICE to have somebody to talk to. about everything, like food or tiktoks. He was also the first human being i'd touch in years. He was very warm. i forgot that human bodies can be so warm. the next year he'd find girlfriend? i dont know much about her, but she HATES me. i dont know why. what did i do wrong? i dont want to be hated by anyone. i cant stand to be hated by somebody else. i'd better kill myself. I probably should. everytime i see him now, my head is filled with thoughts that if we talk too much, she will hate me even more. so i gave up. i regret it, but the person is so much happier now. every time i see hes big smile seeing her, i think that it is more valuable then my attempt to socialize.<br />
but that broke the will to ever make new friends in me. I dont want to create any bond with others anymore. i dont want to feel the pain of leaving them behind. i guess it is better for everyone if i just shut up, and dont bring them any problems. cause i just cause them more suffering, then bring something valuable or useful.<br />
i am just a trash, when it comes to say my thoughts out loud. i can talk only to one person oa a time, with nobody else in conversation.i cant call them by the name. i cant look them in the eyes. i forget what they look like very quickly. i become so stressed i become really inattentive. i need a LOT of time to process everything and spit out something like an answer. My anxiety gets so high, i cry after every conversation. But in the end i cry even more when nobody talked to me in a week. 
both options are terrible, but i guess i still want to be part of community.
stop.

### Addressing selfharm, physical abuse and illnesses
i did it a lot when i was younger. i never had courage for suicide attempts, but i would "accidently" harm my body by falling, beating of some objects or my favorite - not eating for weeks. i still do that, i atmost eat 2 meals a day. when i dont go at school i dont eat at all. the breakfast is my enemy. only when i starve myself to death i feel like i can think clearly or i am still alive and can feel pain. When i cry, and i do that a lot, my head starts to hurt really bad. it feels like getting beaten by the axe right in the middle of my head and i can hardly breath, i am choking. The doctors scanned my head with different devices many times, but they couldnt figure out whats going on. so the only way to feel better for me was to beat my head up to the wall, when two pains met, they would completely dissapear for few seconds. so it was my primary medication. after about a year of doing that on daily basis, i got better, but my brain probably was smashed in some porridge. now i rarely feel that kind of pain, but i got the other. connected to my eyesight. i wear glasses with almost perfect eyesight. thats so funny! My brain just started to reject my eyes when i would force them to read something, or just look at the screen or some text. so yeah. just plain looking already causes pain. funnny.

### Addressing food
i like to eat. this is the only happines i have. my mum disliked cooking, so when dad went away, there was much for me to eat anyway. together with my starving sessions it wasnt something i would care of. but i just cant eat in the public or be in place where eveyone eats. stress takes over. i am really shaking, almost crying. Especially when someone seats at the same table as me. i can barely take food to my mouth without it being overywhere. sometimes i still get food all over my clothes when i eat. considering places like cinemas, with theirs food cultures. being closed up in a room with a lot of people and smells. i just want to throw up.<br />
I have really good sense of smell. my mother, when cooked, rarely took in consideration expiration date of food. so i had to be really careful with that. i am still suspicious to every food i eat.<br />
Talking about me not being able to digest any wheat, etc products. no one cares anymore, at first my parents buy me special food, but then they just took the special goverment allowence for people like me to pay taxes. its about 100 euros a month, so i guess they are lucky that i have disease, which is for life, doesnt have any treatment, doesnt affect my daily life, gives them some money. the only downside is, sometimes i lose 50/50 and get really bad stomach pain. it feels like i ate some glass shards, and i feel like they are going through all digestion process, which means a lot of pain for few hours, which cannot be removed. but i am willing to sometimes feel that as long as i eat tasty food. Especially when i learned to more or less cook now. 

### Addressing my hair
First thing every relative which sees me says is "when are you going to cut your hair?" Not only them, even most of psycologists asked the same question. so funny. It shows how i am the only person in my "aquantace (wtf i did to this word) circel" who actually gives hair some sacred meaning.<br />
It is really simple however:
 - loose hair = i feel unsafe, intimitated, insecure
 - tied hair = i feel every antonym of above adjectives
why? paranoia i guess, when this absolute mane of my hair is loose, it is more hard to aim at me, i take more space => more personal space, also my hair is very warm, which is nice always, but in summer<br />
tying my hair actually shows more neck, so i do that when i am sure noone will strangle me :)<br />


thats it for today. i feel a bit better, first time writing down so much of thoughts that are constantly floating in my head. it is so clumsy.<br />
i wonder whether i should wright more<br />
i wonder whether i should show this to anyone<br />
i wonder whether i should ask even for more help<br />
i wonder whether i should kill myself<br />
kill myself......<br />
killmyself?????<br />
kill myself<br />